The Mindkeep Plateau
	The Eastern Approach
		The Footpath
			Description:  An overgrown footpath leads from the southeast corner to fhte plateau top down amidst the cactus for 75 meters and into a small cave opening in the southern cliffside.  The path is so well hidden that within 5 meters of it a DC 18 Int check will be needed to locate it.  

			No Creatures 
		The Rim of the Eastern Approach
			Description: 

			The rim is covereded cactus that causes 1d6 damage per turn to anyone traveling through them in less than AC4 armor.  Lying in wait for items coming up the path are two 
				2 x Vene'aMub 'Villain that Hides and Kills' (1d4+1 (3)): Init +2; atk 2 x "hands" melee +8 (1d4+6) and tail melee +8 (1d3+6); AC 15; HD 7D7 hp 28 each; MV 20' ; 1d20; SV Fort +0, Ref -2, Will -2	The Vene'a'mub is similar to a six legged scorpion with large, four gitit hands instead of pincers.  A bludgeon tail instead of a stinger, and a lizard like head that weaves back and forth on a thick muscular neck.  They are usally colocred an oily blue when they are not camouglaged.  They have the intelligence and ability to cover themselves with their surroundings for their own safety or to trap prey.	The Vene'a'mub only attacks when hungry or if walked on, a common occurrence considering its camouflage abilities.  It is also able to alter its exoskeleton to be wide or thinner, thereby flattening itself.  Their favorite food is bone marrow, which it feeds on after splintering the bone of its prey with its bare hands.  Because of this, they prefer mammals, and love slightly mutated ones.  They will always attack the mutants first.  They are very curious and can be found in most climates.	(P) Collapsible Exoskeleton




	Maintenece Building
		Description:  The Southern ridge of the plateau top is dominated by a 75  30 meter builting, 15 meters tall.  The building is made of reienforced concrete and is completly without windows or dorrs except the north face, whcih has a huge 30 x 12 meter sliding metal door.  This was the maintence hanger for all the land and air vehciles used by Mindkeep.  No vehicles can be easilt seen outside, but a mint condition military ground gar large enough to carry 10 passengers and 1000 kilograms of equiptment is cisibilit to anyone opening the door.  Located in the south east corner fo the building.  There is no fuet, the battery is dead, and the keys are gone.  There are 4 Ba'Sled's who make thir lair in the building (5 if there are more than 10 party memebers)  Since there is no way to open the door without making aracket, the ba'sleds know when their lair is being enetered.  They immediately attack any who are vivible wihtin the door.  Since there are miscellanous boxes, tables, and crates around, the bl'sleds have plent of cover to hide behing.  The lights in this building do not work and there are no windows, so the ba'sleds are at a distinct advantage.

		In addition to the car, there are working mechanics tools and equiptment that is fully operational, if power is restored.  

		A large patch of concrete to the east of the building was once the parking lot for the Mindkeep vehciles.

			4 x Ba'Sled 'Rock that Burrows' (1d4+1 (3)): Init +3; atk 2 x claws melee +8 (1d3+6); AC 15; HD 7D7 hp 28 each; MV 30' or Burrow 30' ; 1d20; SV Fort +1, Ref -1, Will -1	Based appear as gray, hunched-over bipedal humanoids with long, apeish arms ending in large claws.  If they stand still they can pass for rocks using the same rules Plantients can to hide.  They have a goat-shaped head with two wide set eyes.  They are extremely billigerent towards intelligent life forms.	The Ba'sled is extremely billigerent towards intelligent life forms.  They can seldom be bargined with with or telepathically communicated wiht because of their attitude.  They can dig through anything but metal at their normal movmeent rate, clawing right through stone walls as if they were so much clay.  They often make traps by digging underground tunnel mazes, then making pits from the tunnel up to just below ground level.  These pits will not support the full weight of more than one human-sized creature and can drop members of a party of adventurers into the waiting claws of the Ba'sleds.  In additino to their murderous claws they also have a sonic roar that can only be used once a day.  This attack does 1d5 damage to everything 15 feet in front of the roaring Based.  They are immune to their own sonic roars.	(P) Ultravision, Infravision, Sonic Roar
	Hanger Building
		Description: The eastern side of the plateau is the landing strip and hanger with mindkeep's operation flight vehciles.  The hanger building is an l-Shaped, 30 Meter tall concreete structure.  There are the remains of a crashed vehcile that looks like it tried to land.  The remains stretch along the entire length of the strip, through the broken hanger door, and through the southeast side of the building.  This wreck looks decades old and strangely, has not been touched.  Upon close examination there is a thin layer of blue fungus under most of the wreck.  It semlls like rotten meat.  In reality there is nothing wrong with the fungus, It is harmelss but no creature has wished to bother it.  Absolutely nothing of value can be found in the wreck or in the hnager.  If the PCs search the hnager they will distrub a sre'froth that is asleep on the ceiling.  It swoops down on the closest character.  Around the western face of the building is a huge bramble patch.  The brable is at least 3.5 meters tall and very dense, but the glint of something large and metaliic can be seen in it.  The something, ypon investigation, proives to be an ancient, abandoned aircraft, It is rustyu and useless, except for the fuel tank, which is quite full, if anyone bothers to check it. The guel can be used to pwoer the car in the maintence building.  If anyone checks underneth the plane, the large choslith hinding there attacks.  Excpet fort the intact windshield and thin cables running through the plane, nothing else of value can be found.

			The Hanger
				1 x Sre'froth 'Invisible Glider' (1d4 (2)): Init -1; atk wing melee -1 (1d3-2); AC 12; HD 3D7 hp 12 each; MV 4' or Fly 26' ; 1d20; SV Fort +0, Ref -2, Will -1	Sre’froth are lifeofrms that resemble two to three meter transparent gelatinous planes. Their origins are unknown, but they are thought to be amphibians who learned how to glide. They are definitely not flyers. Sre’froth can blend in anywhere, crawl up any surface, and attach themselves on anything, even ceilings, by secreting a warm, sticky fluid as they move. 	Thousands of transparent cilia on their bodies can “feel” body heat within a 50 foot radius, high heat can be felt at even greater distances. Sre’froth feed on animals they detect and come into contact with by wrapping around them, somewhat like plastic food wrap, and secreting strong acid around the prey. This usually dissolves their victims in a very short time and the ooze that is left over is absorbed into the sre’froth as straight protein. Their damage is considered to be Intensity 2d6+4 poison/ corrosive. Damage from this special type of attack is per turn of envelopment. The outer protein (clothing, hide, armor, etc.) must be eaten away before the character takes damage, unless a large portion of their body is exposed. Use the following chart to determine the time required by the sre’froth to consume different types of materials. Remember, any equipment the sre’froth comes into contact with will also be affected.  Cloth, Vegetation, Wood, Common Plastics, and Most synthetics survive for 1 turn.  Light metals and Heavy Plastics survive for two turns.  Heavy Metals and Plastic / metal alloys will survive for three turns.  Ceramics, Glass, Curalloy and certain other materials are not affected.  Sre’froth can only be hurt by poison, sonics, super-strong acids (Intensity 17+), fire, or drowning. Once they have climbed to a height of at least 10 feet they can launch themselves into a silent glide. The distance of the glide cannot exceed the height of their climb.   On the ground sre’froth are 95% undetectable by sight, when gliding this drops to 75%. They cannot sense body heat through ba’mutan hides and those characters protected by such can pass by sre’froth undetected. Ruins, caves, deep woods, buildings, and canyons are their favorite environs but they can be found anywhere. 	
			The Bramble Patch 
				1 x Chotslith, Large 'Bristle Snake' (1d3 (2)): Init +4; atk bite melee +8 (1d3+6) and 1d4+1 x coils melee +8 (1d3+6); AC 14; HD 8D7 hp 32 each; MV 10' ; 1d20; SV Fort +1, Ref +0, Will +0	The Choslith is a mutated snake that is covered in 5 - 10 inch needle-like spikes. It is a constrictor and attacks by enveloping its prey and constricting around them.  Once it has wrapped itself once around the prey it will start to bite it as well.  The Choslith hunt by smell and are just a deadly at dark as in the light of day.  They are found in all climates except artic.	The Choslith will roll to hit with the coils and if it is successful it will have ensnared its victim.  The following turn the Choslith will attempt one additional coil per turn up to the maximum.  Each coil will do its damage individually.  To remove a coil the victim must roll a Strength Context.  The Chotslith has a +4 modifier to that roll.	(M) Mental Shield
	The Heather Field
		Description:  A large heather field covers the north central part of the plateau.  Within this field are the remains of a death machine.  Once someone gets within five meters of it, he can tell tahat it has been completely stripped down.  Hardly a bolt remains, and there are certainly no weapopns, batteries, or any other weapons.  The core of the deathmachine is intact and can be interecated with.  The AI controlling the death machine has over the centuries of lying in the field become a pacifst and views itself as having been enlightened by having its weapons stripped from it.  The death machine views itself as having achieved enlightement and peace.   Nothing else is in the heather at this time, though a flock of 52 shez'ur nets in the ground underneath.  They come out only if a large explosion or sonics are used in the heather.  If they do fly out, they attack anyone in the heather and / or anyone who is attacking the heather from a position on top of the plateau.

		The Dead Death Machine
				52 x Shez'ur 'Spiked Flyer' (10d10 (55)): Init -2; atk flock melee -1 (1d3-2); AC 11; HD 1D7 hp 4 each; MV 5' or Fly 15' ; 1d20; SV Fort +0, Ref -2, Will -2	Maroon Birds, 16cm in length, covered in black spikes.  They make strange, almost electronic sounds.  They live in holdes in the round or in among rocks and cliffs. They always travel in flocks and act as a single unit	The Shez'ur Attack together.  When attacking the birds everyone suffers a -2d to hit due to their size.   The birds themselves will attack one target at a time.  They will cause 1d10 for every 10 birds in the flock.  Their spikes effectively reduce all AC by 3.  An attacked character can not see through the swarm.  Movement is reduced to one quarter if more than 30 birds attack.  They are generally peaceful, unless their nests are threatened or loud noises frighten them.	(M) Racial Mind

	The Stone Huts
		Description: There is a small cluster of stone nuts on the north by northwest ridge of the plateau.  
		

			Hut A
			Hut B
			Hut C
				2 Adult Shezuu
				# of Hunter PCs Shezuu babbies
					Sheezu 'Climber' (1d6 (3)): Init +2; atk bite melee +1 (1d3) and 4 x claws melee +1 (1d3); AC 11; HD 1D7 hp 4 each; MV 30' ; 1d20; SV Fort +0, Ref +1, Will +0	Sheezu are small eightlegged mammals with long, silky hair and adorable, almost human faces. Wild and domestic sheezu come in various hues. Their multiple legs and razor-sharp claws allow them amazing climbing abilities (as per Land Speed), even on almost sheer surfaces. Furthermore, they are some of fastest diggers.	The Sheezu can completely bury themselves in 3 turns.     If a sheezu feels threatened and bites, it immediately salivates its acidic digestive juices into the wound, causing an additional 1d4 points of damage. This always happens on the first bite, but thereafter occurs on alternating turns. The sheezu can keep biting every turn, but can secrete acid only every other turn. They can use four of their eight claws during any turn unless a character or creature makes the mistake of picking them up or turning them on their back, whereupon they can use all eight claws and their bite. Sheezu make wonderful pets and will never use their claws or bite and acid unless they feel extremely threatened. A qualified animal trainer can teach a sheezu a maximum of three commands or “tricks”. 	(P) Absorption - Acid
			Hut D
			Hut E
			Hut F
				3 x Attercops 'Blackuns' (1d4 (2)): Init +2; atk bite melee +2 (1d4+1); AC 16; HD 3D7 hp 12 each; MV 50' ; 1d20; SV Fort +0, Ref +0, Will +1	Attercops, also know as Blackuns, are mutated garden spiders.  They have long bristles across their bodies, making them unpalatable prey to all but the largest creatures.  They have 12 eyes located all over their head, giving them 360 degree sight.  Two types of attercops exist, one dwells strickly in its huge web, while the second (Attercop Abulare) is an active hunter, preferring ot use its web only to shackle its prey	The attercop attacks with a bite, causing 1d4 damage.  As the teeth hit their mark, the creature uses its electrical generation to jolt the prey.  Once its victim stops moving the attercop trusses it in stick webbing, Creatures held in this manner must make a DC 10 Sterngth Check to escape.  Attercops keep their prey as long as four days before they settle down to feed.  Becasuse of the creatures extraordinarily high Mental strength, the attercop is completely immune to all mental attacks except illusions.  These metnal attacks always suceed.  The attercop is a solitary hunter, allowing no othes of its kind witin its web or territory except during fall breeding, Female attercops deposit a half-meter diameter egg sac containing over 1000 young.  Blights, bloodbirds and carrins hunt these young attercops, likking all but a few dozen before they are large enough to defend themselvers.  The attercop's dlae resistant web sometimesa streches over an area of 60 meters in diameter.  Creatures captured in thie web need to makle a DC 5 strength check to escpae.  Any loot found in an attercop's web si emerely undigestible waste to the spider.  The lil, commonly take refuge within or behind attercop webs, although some fall prey to the spider. "(P) Electrical generation (14), (M)Immune to mental Attacks except Illusion"
			Hut G
			Hut H
			Hut I
				2 x Jagets 'Savannah Cats' (1d8 (4)): Init +2; atk 2 x claws melee  (1d3-1) and bite melee  (1d3-1); AC 15; HD 4D7 hp 16 each; MV 90' ; 1d20; SV Fort -1, Ref +0, Will +1	Mutated Jaguars prowl the vast grassland.  Their front paws have been modified to give them thumbs.  	Jagets have extensive mental mutations, however they are not very smart.  You can find them following other more intelligent and powerful creatures as followers or hirelings.  They can manipulate simple objects, but do not use or build technology.	"(P) Attraction Odor, Poison Weakness (M) Fear Generation, Fear of Plants, Levitation, Precognition, Telekinesis, Telepathy"



The MindKeep
	
	(l0) Sublevel 3 - Reactors
		TBD
	(l1) Sublevel 2 - Storage

			The cliff caverns can be found by means of the footpath on the southeast ridge of the plateau rim. The Mindkeep underground complex is reached through Room C of Level l. The two mazes are connected through a thin channel (two meters wide) at Mindkeep Underground #14. The caverns have existed since before Mindkeep was built, though no one knew about them then. They are natural formations. A little lake in one of the chambers suggests that a surging spring may have cut out the caverns and been a waterfall at one time, though from what source is hard to tell. The Mindkeep underground maze was carved out of solid rock after the holocaust. The survivors felt that they needed a secure place to live inside the complex, so they used the last vestiges of energy in their laser borers and rock cutters to fashion this complex. They laid in Code II ID bracelet lock doors throughout the complex, except for the door that led to the complex, which was Code V ID lock. 

			When the last generation of Mindkeep staff was dying, many of them came here to spend their last hours. They destroyed their badges and secured their gear up in the main complex first, to deter looting. Thus the stench of decay still permeates the place. Decades later the thin wall separating the natural cavern from the complex crumbled under the effects of an earthquake and the two became one. Wandering creatures now inhabit some of the rooms while others have not been opened since their occupants lay down to die. 

			Rooms or caverns that are not marked are considered to be either empty or inconsequential. The GM may add things, of course, if he desires. No lights work in the complex, but the doors were wired to a different generator and still operate. Note: Do not show players the map of the complex or caverns; describe it to them.


		Room A 
			No Creatures
		Room B 
			3 x Obbs  Obbs 'Flying Eyes' (1d4 (2)): Init +3; atk 2 x claws melee +2 (1d5); AC 10; HD 6D5 hp 18 each; MV 5' or Fly 45' ; 1d20; SV Fort +0, Ref +0, Will +0	Obbs are a mutated fungus that is almost immobile on the ground, but are deadly in the air.  Each has a single black eye and 1d6 clas like appendages.	Giant Preying Mantises that stand 3 meters tall at the shoulder.	(P) Immune to Heat & Radiation & Lasers.  Radiation Eyes
		Room C 
			No Creatures

		Caverans
			Cavern A: A village of hissers live in these caverns and forage the plateau for food. They moved up here almost a year ago after having been hunter down and decimated by Timon's people. After any unpleasantries, if the party has a chance to question them as to what they are doing up here, the hissers describe in detail Timon's battle maneuvers and military campaign that ousted the hissers from their riverside retreat (downriver of Haven). 

			Cavern B: The common dwelling area for the lowest ranked of them. Seven male hissers can be found in here at any time, usually playing some strange type of grunting game.

			Cavern C: Holds another three hissers who are skinning some unknown creatures for supper. This cavern also is used for cooking and there is almost always a fire going in here ( thes moke is carried away through a natural chimney system).

			Cavern D is the living quarters for another four hissers. There is also a cache of 500 domar here, and a huge pile of broken artifacts. The artifacts, while being useless themselves, contain almost any kind of small part imaginable .

			Cavern E is the home of the queen and her four attendant male guards. While all the other hisser males are armed randomly by the GM, these guards all are armed with maces, slug throwers ( type C), and laser rifles. The throwers have full clips, but the rifles only have three shots left each. The queen is armed with an energy mace. Her treasure of five of each type of energy cell is stashed below her huge, carved stone throne that dominates this room.

			Cavern F holds two hissers who are pickling some horrible-looking vegetables and meat in large plastic containers. They cannot hear the commotion in the other caverns unless explosives are used.

			G. This 20-meter-high cavern holds a small, freshwater lake. It provides all the water needs for the hisser community. There is a keeshin living in this lake which has another hidden passage into another dry cave not shown. This keeshin does not have Devolution, but does have Radar/Sonar . The keeshin puts up with the hissers because it knows they guard the caverns. They are not aware of its presence. The keeshin attacks any other creature it thinks it can take who comes to the water's edge, including a human or humano id character. It lies in wait at the bottom of the deep lake; then when it sees ripples in the water, it comes up to investigate. As mentioned, its lair is a private cave reached only by diving to the bottom of the lake. In it are all kinds of shiny baubles. The GM should randomly generate any loot in the cave, based on how hard the party worked to defeat the keeshin.

			H. A parn has slipped past the hissers and has been staying in this cavern for the past few days. Now it is getting hungry.

			I. This small cavern contains glowing fungus and two blaasut, who flew into these caves to escape a pursuing tsorsut . If the party does not bother them, they will not bother the party.

		Complex






	(l2) Sub Level 1  - Computer Operations and Power Broadcast
		Room A Green Glowing Fungus.  
			1 x Non-Operable Supervisory Borg sitting on the toilet (This unit's 1 meter tall humanoid trunk rests on a 1 meter square base. It has 2 humanoid arms able to manipulate any tools or equipment designed for human use. Supervisory Borgs have radio circuits that allow them to control all other Robots as if they had a Stage IV I.D. They can communicate with Think Tanks and Cybernetic Installations on whose behalf they will usually function. )
		Room B No Creatures
		Room C No Creatures

	(l3) - Ground Level
		Room A - Administration
			1 x Omnitar - Omnitar 'Mirrored Ones' (1): Init +2; atk see description; AC 14; HD 7D5 hp 21; MV 50' ; 1d20; SV Fort +1, Ref -2, Will +0	The omnitar are atmovores, that is, they exist withour consuming any plants or animals, just microbes found in the air. They resemble 1.5m tall crystalline cones that have millions of 10cm bristles underneath that provide locomotion. So smooth is the bristling action that it looks like the omnitar is floating on air and just brushing the ground. Omnitar have no attack forms in and of themselves. They are immune to nearly every attack form but fusion rifles or trek bombs. Any weapon causing physical damage merely bounces off them. If hit by any other type of energy weapon, they add one point to their Hit Point score for every two points of “damage” striking them. If struck with lasers or sonics, they will automatically return that round, treat as -1 to hit. If more that 750 points of damage are pumped into them, they will shatter causing fragmentation damage (5d10) to everything within a 10m radius. Omnitars are usually found on plains, gentle rolling hills, and forests.
		Room B - Ermon's office 
			Nothing
		Room C - Meeting Room
			1 x Sre'froth 'Invisible Glider' (1d4 (2)): Init -1; atk wing melee -1 (1d3-2); AC 12; HD 3D7 hp 12 each; MV 4' or Fly 26' ; 1d20; SV Fort +0, Ref -2, Will -1	Sre’froth are lifeofrms that resemble two to three meter transparent gelatinous planes. Their origins are unknown, but they are thought to be amphibians who learned how to glide. They are definitely not flyers. Sre’froth can blend in anywhere, crawl up any surface, and attach themselves on anything, even ceilings, by secreting a warm, sticky fluid as they move. Thousands of transparent cilia on their bodies can “feel” body heat within a 50 foot radius, high heat can be felt at even greater distances. Sre’froth feed on animals they detect and come into contact with by wrapping around them, somewhat like plastic food wrap, and secreting strong acid around the prey. This usually dissolves their victims in a very short time and the ooze that is left over is absorbed into the sre’froth as straight protein. Their damage is considered to be Intensity 2d6+4 poison/ corrosive. Damage from this special type of attack is per turn of envelopment. The outer protein (clothing, hide, armor, etc.) must be eaten away before the character takes damage, unless a large portion of their body is exposed. Use the following chart to determine the time required by the sre’froth to consume different types of materials. Remember, any equipment the sre’froth comes into contact with will also be affected.  Cloth, Vegetation, Wood, Common Plastics, and Most synthetics survive for 1 turn.  Light metals and Heavy Plastics survive for two turns.  Heavy Metals and Plastic / metal alloys will survive for three turns.  Ceramics, Glass, Curalloy and certain other materials are not affected.  Sre’froth can only be hurt by poison, sonics, super-strong acids (Intensity 17+), fire, or drowning. Once they have climbed to a height of at least 10 feet they can launch themselves into a silent glide. The distance of the glide cannot exceed the height of their climb.   On the ground sre’froth are 95% undetectable by sight, when gliding this drops to 75%. They cannot sense body heat through ba’mutan hides and those characters protected by such can pass by sre’froth undetected. Ruins, caves, deep woods, buildings, and canyons are their favorite environs but they can be found anywhere. 
		Room D - Black Mushrooms
		Room E - The Hard Copy Room
		Room F - Head of Security
		Room G - Entrance 
		Room H - Waiting Room
			1 x Terl - Terls 'Tree Fish' (1d4 (2)): Init +4; atk bite melee +6 (1d4+4); AC 15; HD 6D7 hp 24 each; MV Fly 60' or Swim 60' ; 1d20; SV Fort +0, Ref +1, Will +1	The Trel is a three-meter long mutated baracuda that is covered in bright parrot like feathers.  They live in tree's like birds as well.  The Trel returns to the water to spawn in the spring and it is fully capable of breathing both water and air.	The Trell is a dangerous carnivore that prefers to use its mental powers to kill its prey, resorting to its bite only as a last resort.  If both bite and mental powers fail, it will retreat to find easier game.  The feathers protect it agasint all heat, laster, and light attacks.  The feathers will glow in the presence of radiation, providing the Trel a warning.  Trel feathers, if properly harvested and prepaired will still retain this ability.  Sleeths and other back to nature species will make cloaks out of Trel feathers that provide the wearer immunities.	"(P) Immune to Heat, Sonic, Laser, and Light.  Sonic Blast (M) Cryokinesis, Telekinetic Flight"
	(l4) - Level 2
		Room A - Vending Machines
			2 x Arns 'Dragon Bugs' (1d6 (3)): Init +3; atk bite melee  (1d5-1); AC 11; HD 3D7 hp 12 each; MV 8' or Fly 30' ; 1d20; SV Fort +0, Ref +1, Will -2	One to Two meter long Dragonflies.  They are often domesticated as flying steeds by small humanoids and mutated animals.  They must be trained from a very young age.	They can carry loads weighing 35 lbs.   
		Room B - The Staff Lounge 
		Room C - 
		Room D - 
		Room E - 
		Room F - 
		Room G - Stripped Office
			1 x Herps 'Tiger Beetles' (2d6 (7)): Init +3; atk acid squirt +2 (1d20, 100') and bite melee +8 (1d5+6); AC 17; HD 6D7 hp 24 each; MV 20' ; 1d20; SV Fort +1, Ref +0, Will +1	Three and a half long mutated beetles whose wings have mutated to become a Carapace.	Their Carapace protects them from sonic attacks and they can squirt a stream of acid (I15) up to 30 meters which will dissolve 1 cm duralloy a minute.  They are skilled hunters able to track prey in any weather.	(P) Carapace - Relfect Sonic
		Room H - 
	(l5) - Level 3 - Medical
		Room A - 
			Description:  This is a normal examination room that has has a examination table and cabinets.  The following is found in the room.
				78 Tongue depressor
				24 Antiseptic wipes
				64 cotton swabs
				1 Tuning Fork
				1 bottle of hand sanitizer


		Room B - Examination Room
			Description:
				This room , an examination room, has been trapped by Jeremiah. Anyone entering the room activates a sonic detector switch which is rigged to a large homemade crossbow mounted in the upper left of the room (Dm = 10), out of sight of the doorway. The bolt is tipped with Intensity Level 6 poison/critical.

		
		Room C - Doctors Office
			Description: 
				This is a doctor's office, but most everything has been taken out of here except for a huge oaken desk too heavy to move.  Opening the top center drawer detonates a fragmentation grenade set directly inside. Only party members standing next to the drawer are affected . The large bottom left drawer is actually metal lined; the top center drawer must be opened first in order to open this one. This deep drawer contains a safe with a combination lock on it. The lock and safe can withstand 250 points of damage before losing their structural integrity. If the characters pull out every one of the seven drawers and search them carefully, inside and out, they find the faint pencil tracings of the safe's combination. The safe contains three scraps of paper: one reading "22-31-45," one reading "NW, S, N, S, S, SE," and one reading "Open the Pod Bay Doors, Hal." These are all to be used on other devices above. Jeremiah keeps them here in case the roof is breached and enemies reach the devices before the codes can be found below (he will then have time to destroy the codes).
		
		Room D - The Dispensary
			Description: 
				This room, a dispensary, is a shambles. Jeremiah has arranged a trip wire under the mess. Anyone walking around in the room detonates a stun grenade. Normally Jeremiah would hear this and investigate, but he is too sick to check out traps tripped on this level.

		Room E - 
			Description:  This is a normal examination room that has has a examination table and cabinets.  The following is found in the room.
				Tweezers
				Tuning Fork
				53 paper cups
				Ophthalmoscope - (Looks at the Eye)
		Room F - 
			Description:  This is a normal examination room that has has a examination table and cabinets.  The following is found in the room.
				Otoscope - (Looks at the Ear)
				Thermometer
				Sink
				Stethoscope

		Room G - 
			Description:  This is a normal examination room that has has a examination table and cabinets.  The following is found in the room.
				1 bottle of Hand sanitizer
				27 Hygiene wipes packets
				92 Paper cups
				1 scale

		Room H - 
			Description:  This is a normal examination room that has has a examination table and cabinets.  The following is found in the room.

				2 x Hypodermic needle (empty and unsused)
				X-ray table / Wall display
				Eye chart

	(l6) - Level 4 - Holding


		Room A - Cell A
			Description: Holding cell.  If the door is tampered with, a small explosive charge will do 3d4 damage to everyone in 5 meters who fails a DC 18 reflex check.  This cell has a screen that is still operating on the outside along with a paper binder containing information about a creature.  The creature that is in this cell is a creature that has the body and claws of a lobster, with the head and rear legs of a frog.  The creature is the size of a normal lobster.  There are the remains of 5d6 creatures in this "cell"

		Room B - Cell B
			Description: Holding cell.  If the door is tampered with, a small explosive charge will do 3d4 damage to everyone in 5 meters who fails a DC 18 reflex check.  This cell has a screen that is still operating on the outside along with a paper binder containing information about a creature.  The creature that is in this cell is a creature that has the body of a Centipede with rabbit legs, head, and tail.  Each segment of the centipede is the size of a normal rabbit. There are the remains of 2d8 creatures in this "cell," they are all dead.

		Room C - Cell C
			Description: Holding cell.  If the door is tampered with, a small explosive charge will do 3d4 damage to everyone in 5 meters who fails a DC 18 reflex check.  This cell has a screen that is still operating on the outside along with a paper binder containing information about a creature.  The creature that is in this cell is a creature that has the body of a horse with the head and arms of the lion.  This creature appears to be a lion like centuar.  The creature is the size of a normal horse and lion.  There are the remains of 2d3 creatures in this "cell," they are all dead.

		Room D - Cell D
			Description: Holding cell.  If the door is tampered with, a small explosive charge will do 3d4 damage to everyone in 5 meters who fails a DC 18 reflex check.  This cell has a screen that is still operating on the outside along with a paper binder containing information about a creature.  The creature that is in this cell is a creature that has the body of a mosquito and the head of a rat.  The creature is the size of a rat.  There are the remains of 1d100+20 creatures in this "cell," they are all dead, however if any of them have any mamilian blood spattered on them, there is a 5% chance that the creature comes alive again.  Stats for the creature are left to the Judge.

		Room E - Cell E
			Description: Holding cell.  If the door is tampered with, a small explosive charge will do 3d4 damage to everyone in 5 meters who fails a DC 18 reflex check.  This cell has a screen that is still operating on the outside along with a paper binder containing information about a creature.  The creature that is in this cell is a creature that has the body of a monkey and the head of a octopus.  The creature is the size of a monkey.  There are the remains of 2d3 creatures in this "cell," they appear to all be dead.  However these creatures are all aliens who have gone into hibernation.  If the door is opened and the "remains" are left alone they will come out of hibernation and they will eat each other and the players will have Shreelon on their hands.  This Shreelon will taunt, hurt, and terrorize the players.  It will not kill the players.  It will not kill anyone, it will just escape into the lands of Gamma World.  

			Shreelon 'Alien' (1d4 (2)): Init +4; atk tentacles melee +3 (1d5); AC 15; HD 5D12 hp 33 each; MV 30' ; 1d20; SV Fort +2, Ref +1, Will +4 The Shreelon were first mentioned in ‘Rite of Passage’. Many of their minions were encountered in that adventure, but the Shreelon themselves never made an appearance. They are from beyond our galaxy. They are humanoid in appearance except for a slightly bloated head having a number of tentacles where their mouth should be – looking a bit like some Lovecraftian horror. They have two large milky white eyes with no pupils giving the impression of soulless evil. Their skin is the darkest black, almost seeming to absorb light. It is clammy/slimy to the touch. They consider mankind cattle and slaves. They eat the brains (and occasionally flesh) of those they consider lower life forms. Though incredibly intelligent, they are a thoroughly vile and evil race. They seem to dislike bright light. Their technology is based on crystal (and occasionally organic) devices (Tech V). They use a hieroglyphic written language and no spoken language. They communicate entirely by telepathy. To a player character, Shreelon ‘speech’ sounds like a loud echoing whisper inside their head. The Shreelon work by ‘proxy’ whenever they can, finding it advantageous to work through others or use acquired resources to accomplish most tasks rather than direct investment. However, when they are encountered in the flesh, they are terrifying adversaries. Following this principle, there is some evidence to suggest that the Shreelon had a hand in the founding of the Friends of Entropy cryptic alliance.  This enables them to further divide and weaken Earth’s sentient races without direct risk to themselves. Even before their attack on Earth, it appears that the aliens were working behind the scenes, influencing events which would set the stage for the apocalypse (inciting nation against nation). Their Mental Control ability is slightly different than listed in the rulebook. They are able to dominate a subject without actually leaving their own body – if the victim dies, regardless of range, the controller is uninjured. If control is broken the victim will not remember being controlled."	They consider mankind cattle and slaves. They eat the brains (and occasionally flesh) of those they consider lower life forms. Though incredibly intelligent, they are a thoroughly vile and evil race. They seem to dislike bright light. Their technology is based on crystal (and occasionally organic) devices (Tech V). They use a hieroglyphic written language and no spoken language. They communicate entirely by telepathy. To a player character, Shreelon ‘speech’ sounds like a loud echoing whisper inside their head. The Shreelon work by ‘proxy’ whenever they can, finding it advantageous to work through others or use acquired resources to accomplish most tasks rather than direct investment. However, when they are encountered in the flesh, they are terrifying adversaries. Following this principle, there is some evidence to suggest that the Shreelon had a hand in the founding of the Friends of Entropy cryptic alliance.  This enables them to further divide and weaken Earth’s sentient races without direct risk to themselves. Even before their attack on Earth, it appears that the aliens were working behind the scenes, influencing events which would set the stage for the apocalypse (inciting nation against nation). Their Mental Control ability is slightly different than listed in the rulebook. They are able to dominate a subject without actually leaving their own body – if the victim dies, regardless of range, the controller is uninjured. If control is broken the victim will not remember being controlled.	(P) Dual brain, Ultravision (M) Mental blast, Confusion, Empathy, Force field generation, Illusion generation, Mass mind, Mental control, Mental multiplier, Mental paralysis, Mental shield, Repelling force, Repulsion field, Telekinesis, Telepathy, Temporal fugue.

		Room F - Cell F
			Description: Holding cell.  This cell has a screen that is still operating on the outside.  The accomplanying paper binder is missing.  The screen shows that a Bofs pacing back and forth.  He is equipt with 2 x large battle axes (1d10 each), leather armor, and a cloth cloak.  

			The Buffalo Explorer is encountered in the holding cell in the mindkeep.  He refuses to give his name or give any of his background.  He does not know of anything about the city of Oskar, but is looking for his obstinancy of fellow Buffos that have been conned into being indebted to some crazy wolverine.  He is young and was kick out of his obstinancy right before the wolverine showed up.  He is a 2.5 meter tall buffalo.  They walk on their two hind legs that end in hoofs.  Their hands have 4 fingered hands with thumbs.  Their heads and shoulders are extremely hairy. Their hands are somewhat less hairy, while their torso and leg are smooth skinned.  Otis is extremely loyal if the party rescues him; this will override all thoughts on double crossing the person that saved them.

			Bofs 'Otis - Buffalo Explorer' (1): Init +5; atk large horns melee +7 (1d8+4) and trample melee +7 (1d4+4); AC 16; HD 9D7 hp 36; MV 60' ; 1d20+1d14; SV Fort +3, Ref +0, Will +0 Otis is a 2.5 meters tall buffalo who walks on his two hind legs that end in hoofs.  His hands have 4 fingered hands with thumbs.  His heads and shoulders are extremely hairy. His hands are somewhat less hairy, while their torso and leg are smooth skinned.  (P) Large Horns (Dm=9), Heightened Strength, Manipulative hands


		Room G - Cell G
			Description: Holding cell.  This cell has a screen that is still operating on the outside.  The accomplanying paper binder is heavly damaged and pages are scattered on the floor.  The screen seems to be empty.  If the players make enough noise on the level or spend enough time, a PSH Human Female will appear on the screen hidden.  

			Grace Armstrong is a member of the Holy Medicinal Order and a traveling healer.  She heard that the Mindkeep was home to an ancient medical facility and she has come here to inventory the keep and to assess how the Order can best use the equiptment here.   She will join the party in exchange for some of the medical equiptment found.

		Room H - Cell H
			Description: Holding cell.  If the door is tampered with, a small explosive charge will do 3d4 damage to everyone in 5 meters who fails a DC 18 reflex check.  This cell has a screen that is still operating on the outside along with a paper binder containing information about a creature.  The creature that is in this cell is replilian in nature and has red speckled skin and the great armored crest aop its head.  This creature is a dead Debgon.  The skin can be harvested if a hunter takes 2d3 hours as the body has been dead for decades.

			Debgon 'Crested Dragon' (1d2 (1)): Init +3; atk bite melee +3 (1d4+1) claw melee +3 (1d3+1), and firey breath +2 (1d8, 25'); AC 14; HD 6D7 hp 24; MV 25' ; 1d20; SV Fort +1, Ref +0, Will +0	This gon is the smallest of the species.  It is noted for its red speckled skin and the great armored crest atop its head.	 It may either bite and claw as an attack or breath flame up to 25 feet. It usually hords small, shiny objects.  All gons are intelligent and have some form of mental powers that allows them to manipulate objects like a human for the purpose of passing through doors, moving objects about, etc.  Despite their size they can squeeze into small areas and are usually found in underground tunnels, caves, or installiations.  All gons establish dens and hoard loot as a natual instinct, though they often hoard different types of treasure. Gons have excellent armor-like skin. This skin can only be removed from a dead gon through 4d6 hours of uninterupted work. A character with the occupation of Hunter will be able to fashion one of these skins into a single suit of armor for a normal sized character two suits for characters who are smaller. Each suit will take at least 2d3 weeks to create. The armor class of the suit will be 2 and the suit will be allow the wearer to take half damage from laser and heat attacks.	(P) Imune to fire, Sonic, stun, paralysis, lasers, heat, Anti-Life Leech, Firey Breath


		Room A1 - Cell I
			Description: Holding cell.  If the door is tampered with, a small explosive charge will do 3d4 damage to everyone in 5 meters who fails a DC 18 reflex check.  This cell has a screen that is still operating on the outside.  The Cell is Empty

		Room B1 - Cell J
			Description: Holding cell.  If the door is tampered with, a small explosive charge will do 3d4 damage to everyone in 5 meters who fails a DC 18 reflex check.  This cell has a screen that is still operating on the outside along with a paper binder containing information about a creature.  The creature that is in this cell is a creature that has the head of a dolphin grafted onto the body of large eel / serpent.  The creature is only bones and the room is full a water.  Opening the door will flood the surrounding area with putrid water that will give off a gas that will cause others in the area to pass out.  In the days the MindKeep was Operational a force field held the water back and allowed scientists to stay dry and interact with the creature.

		Room C1 - Cell K
			Description: Holding cell.  If the door is tampered with, a small explosive charge will do 3d4 damage to everyone in 5 meters who fails a DC 18 reflex check.  This cell has a screen that is still operating on the outside.  The Cell is Empty

		Room D1 - Cell L
			Description: Holding cell.  If the door is tampered with, a small explosive charge will do 3d4 damage to everyone in 5 meters who fails a DC 18 reflex check.  This cell has a screen that is still operating on the outside.  The Cell is Empty

		Room E1 - Cell M
			Description: Holding cell.  If the door is tampered with, a small explosive charge will do 3d4 damage to everyone in 5 meters who fails a DC 18 reflex check.  This cell has a screen that is still operating on the outside along with a paper binder containing information about a creature.  The creature that is in this cell is a creature that has the body of a monkey and the head of a octopus.  The creature is the size of a monkey.  There are the remains of 2d3 creatures in this "cell," they appear to all be dead.  However these creatures are all aliens who have gone into hibernation.  If the door is opened and the "remains" are left alone they will come out of hibernation and they will eat each other and the players will have Shreelon on their hands.  This Shreelon will taunt, hurt, and terrorize the players.  It will not kill the players.  It will not kill anyone, it will just escape into the lands of Gamma World.  

			Shreelon 'Alien' (1d4 (2)): Init +4; atk tentacles melee +3 (1d5); AC 15; HD 5D12 hp 33 each; MV 30' ; 1d20; SV Fort +2, Ref +1, Will +4 The Shreelon were first mentioned in ‘Rite of Passage’. Many of their minions were encountered in that adventure, but the Shreelon themselves never made an appearance. They are from beyond our galaxy. They are humanoid in appearance except for a slightly bloated head having a number of tentacles where their mouth should be – looking a bit like some Lovecraftian horror. They have two large milky white eyes with no pupils giving the impression of soulless evil. Their skin is the darkest black, almost seeming to absorb light. It is clammy/slimy to the touch. They consider mankind cattle and slaves. They eat the brains (and occasionally flesh) of those they consider lower life forms. Though incredibly intelligent, they are a thoroughly vile and evil race. They seem to dislike bright light. Their technology is based on crystal (and occasionally organic) devices (Tech V). They use a hieroglyphic written language and no spoken language. They communicate entirely by telepathy. To a player character, Shreelon ‘speech’ sounds like a loud echoing whisper inside their head. The Shreelon work by ‘proxy’ whenever they can, finding it advantageous to work through others or use acquired resources to accomplish most tasks rather than direct investment. However, when they are encountered in the flesh, they are terrifying adversaries. Following this principle, there is some evidence to suggest that the Shreelon had a hand in the founding of the Friends of Entropy cryptic alliance.  This enables them to further divide and weaken Earth’s sentient races without direct risk to themselves. Even before their attack on Earth, it appears that the aliens were working behind the scenes, influencing events which would set the stage for the apocalypse (inciting nation against nation). Their Mental Control ability is slightly different than listed in the rulebook. They are able to dominate a subject without actually leaving their own body – if the victim dies, regardless of range, the controller is uninjured. If control is broken the victim will not remember being controlled."	They consider mankind cattle and slaves. They eat the brains (and occasionally flesh) of those they consider lower life forms. Though incredibly intelligent, they are a thoroughly vile and evil race. They seem to dislike bright light. Their technology is based on crystal (and occasionally organic) devices (Tech V). They use a hieroglyphic written language and no spoken language. They communicate entirely by telepathy. To a player character, Shreelon ‘speech’ sounds like a loud echoing whisper inside their head. The Shreelon work by ‘proxy’ whenever they can, finding it advantageous to work through others or use acquired resources to accomplish most tasks rather than direct investment. However, when they are encountered in the flesh, they are terrifying adversaries. Following this principle, there is some evidence to suggest that the Shreelon had a hand in the founding of the Friends of Entropy cryptic alliance.  This enables them to further divide and weaken Earth’s sentient races without direct risk to themselves. Even before their attack on Earth, it appears that the aliens were working behind the scenes, influencing events which would set the stage for the apocalypse (inciting nation against nation). Their Mental Control ability is slightly different than listed in the rulebook. They are able to dominate a subject without actually leaving their own body – if the victim dies, regardless of range, the controller is uninjured. If control is broken the victim will not remember being controlled.	(P) Dual brain, Ultravision (M) Mental blast, Confusion, Empathy, Force field generation, Illusion generation, Mass mind, Mental control, Mental multiplier, Mental paralysis, Mental shield, Repelling force, Repulsion field, Telekinesis, Telepathy, Temporal fugue.

		Room F1 - Cell N
			Description: Holding cell.  This cell has a screen that is still operating on the outside.  The accomplanying paper binder is missing.  The screen shows that a Bofs pacing back and forth.  He is equipt with 2 x large battle axes (1d10 each), leather armor, and a cloth cloak.  

			The Buffalo Explorer is encountered in the holding cell in the MindKeep.  He refuses to give his name or give any of his background.  He does not know of anything about the city of Oskar, but is looking for his obstinacy of fellow Buffos that have been conned into being indebted to some crazy wolverine.  He is young and was kick out of his obstinacy right before the wolverine showed up.  He is a 2.5 meter tall buffalo.  They walk on their two hind legs that end in hoofs.  Their hands have 4 fingered hands with thumbs.  Their heads and shoulders are extremely hairy. Their hands are somewhat less hairy, while their torso and leg are smooth skinned.  Otis is extremely loyal if the party rescues him; this will override all thoughts on double crossing the person that saved them.

			Bofs 'Otis - Buffalo Explorer' (1): Init +5; atk large horns melee +7 (1d8+4) and trample melee +7 (1d4+4); AC 16; HD 9D7 hp 36; MV 60' ; 1d20+1d14; SV Fort +3, Ref +0, Will +0 Otis is a 2.5 meters tall buffalo who walks on his two hind legs that end in hoofs.  His hands have 4 fingered hands with thumbs.  His heads and shoulders are extremely hairy. His hands are somewhat less hairy, while their torso and leg are smooth skinned.  (P) Large Horns (Dm=9), Heightened Strength, Manipulative hands


		Room G1 - Cell O
			Description: Holding cell.  This cell has a screen that is still operating on the outside.  The accomplanying paper binder is heavily damaged and pages are scattered on the floor.  The screen seems to be empty.  If the players make enough noise on the level or spend enough time, a PSH Human Female will appear on the screen hidden.  

			Grace Armstrong is a member of the Holy Medicinal Order and a traveling healer.  She heard that the Mindkeep was home to an ancient medical facility and she has come here to inventory the keep and to assess how the Order can best use the equipment here.   She will join the party in exchange for some of the medical equiptment found.

		Room H1 - Cell P
			Description: Holding cell.  If the door is tampered with, a small explosive charge will do 3d4 damage to everyone in 5 meters who fails a DC 18 reflex check.  This cell has a screen that is still operating on the outside.  The Cell is Empty


	(l7) - Level 5 - 
		Room A - 
			This small operating room appears to be completely normal and full of debries and is very dirty. 
		Room B -

		Room C - 

		Room D - The White Room
			Description:
				This small operating room appears to be completely normal and amazingly clean.  Not until someone touches the white walls will the players realize that they are covered in pure white fungus.  If all the fungus is taken out of the room, chopped up, and boiled down and inhaled as a vapor, it restores hit pints to anyone inhaling it (Fortitude roll to succeed 4d3 hitpoints to a max of 50 per week).  Anyone with a gatherer's background will know this on a successful intelligence check.  
		Room E - The Pharmacy
			Description:
				The door to this room is open and lights are burned out.  There are two suclith perched above the door.   The room is full of hundreds in injectules.  All empty.

				2 x Sucslith 'Sucker Snake' (1d4+1 (3)): Init +2; atk bite melee +7 (1d3+6); AC 13; HD 3D7 hp 12 each; MV 31' ; 1d20; SV Fort -1, Ref +0, Will -1	The entire body of a sucslith, usually over 6 feet long, is covered with sucker –like discs and barbed tendrils. The snake’s ability to crawl anywhere is amazing (equal to its land speed on any surface but liquid, which reduces its speed by half). It prefers to climb up to a vantage point, usually about 3m above the surface and stay there indefinitely until prey comes along. It is a chameleon and can match its surrounding coloration in 5 turns.	The sucslith is able to fast for weeks, and can recycle its body fluids, negating the necessity of moving to find moisture. When attacking, the sucslith normally uses its web first. This web can work in one of two ways. Either it can be used to “catch” a small target (range 6m) or it can clog up a 3m area. This second type of web is sufficiently thick enough to slow the movement of anyone in the affected area to half speed, except for the sucslith itself, which has no difficulty moving through its own or another suslith’s web. The web has a strength of 20.  Oftentimes this intelligent snake will lay down its thick web underneath rotting floorboards or during a leaf fall, knowing it will be camouflaged. It will then perch at a vantage point above the webbed area and wait for a good sized victim to come along. Once the creature is slowed down by the ground web, the sucslith will cover it with another web, thus preventing its prey from seeing or using its appendages for combat. Then, the sucslith drops down on the hapless victim and enters the web, biting until the creature is dead. Unfortunately, sucsliths can be found anywhere, though they tend to avoid deserts and deathlands. 
		Room F - Medbot
			Description: 
				A completely operational med-bot is here.  It asks if it can help and does its utmost to heal characters, if the characters answer its questions.  Upon entering the room, the med-bot activates and asks "Service Code Please?".  Giving the name and number of any of the badges found in a variety of places around the facility allows the med-bot to help the character.  He also records the image of any party member with the name and number provided.  Thereafter the party member takes on the identity of that person in the Mindkeep facility.  The robot will continue to interact with the players in a pleasing manner, but will not answer any questions until they are properly tagged into the system.

				1 x Medical Robot 'Medbot' (1d2 (1)): Init +3; atk 2 x tentacles melee +8 (1d7+6); AC 17; HD 3D12 hp 20; MV 30' or Treads 200' ; 1d20; SV Fort +2, Ref +1, Will -1	This upright-walking, 2 meter tall unit is humanoid in shape. It has two arms and two 1 meter tentacles, each of which is equipped for handling precision instruments. Special equipment includes all normal Medi-kit tools and materials (in 5 times the quantity found in a Medi-kit) plus more extensive medical labs than are in the Medi-kit. A Medical Robot can perform complex surgery, if necessary. It heals characters at the same rate as a Medi-kit (1d10+20 hit points of damage to Pure Strain Humans and 1d10+10 hit points of damage to Humanoids and Mutated Animals).

		Room G - 

		Room H - Chemical Storage
			Description:
				The door is open to this room.  This is the chemical storage area.  There are all kinds of glass and plastic containers filled with all kinds of chemicals.  The felt tip marker writing has worn off on all of these and what they are is anyone's guess.  There is a 100 liter drum of alcohol that was meant to be used for antiseptic purposes, but can be used as fuel for the car in the maintenance building if the players can get it down to ground level.  If the players take the time to sift through all the containers, two things happen.  First, they suffer 1d6 damage from mild chemicals.  Second, they find a strange ring that will open the armory.

	(l8) - Level 6
		Room A - D Operating Tables
		
		Elevator Shaft between l8 and l9
			12 x Ny'an 'Deadly Tail' (3d4 (7)): Init +4; atk bite melee +2 (1d3) and spiked tail melee +2 (1d4); AC 11; HD 5D7 hp 20 each; MV 5' or Fly 30' ; 1d20; SV Fort +0, Ref +1, Will +0	Ny'an are leathery, mammalian creatures with two wings, no legs, and a long tail with a stinger.  At a quick glance they can be mistaken for obbs.  Ny'an prefer caverns, ruins, and other dimly lit areas where they can lurk about. (P) Poison Sting (85% chance of injection.  Intensity level = 2d6+2.  for each Spike Tail attack)
	(l9) - Level 7
		Room A - Rejuv Chamber & Life Chamber & Stasis Chamber
			Description: 
				This room contains a life chamber, but due to its age it has only a 35 % chance of bringing a character back to life. However, the model is an early one and a character who has been dead up to 48 hours can be brought back.

					Life Chamber Description:
						The life chamber was an experimental device introduced shortly before the beginning of the Shadow Years. Since it was not officially approved by any government health organizations, it existed only in limited quantities in certain special medical and military installations. Most governments wanted documented proof that the equipment worked safely before introducing the device for public use. Unfortunately, this confirmation did not come before the Apocalypse.

						Life Chambers look like plexiglass shower stalls lying on their side. When a dead character is placed inside a working Life Chamber within 24 hours of death, the individual has a 50% chance of being brought back to life, or as the Life Chamber says- “revitalized”.

						The dead character has only one chance to recover. If the attempt fails, all hope is lost for the deceased. When delivered from death, the character has a 25% chance of permanently losing one point from each of their Ability Scores. Be sure to roll separately for each statistic. The character retains all mutations and memories up to the time of death.

						Life Chambers work on all characters with equal efficiency. The  character operating the life chamber must first completely understand the use of the item. Life Chambers are powered by 2 Atomic Power Cells (good for 5 uses) or Broadcast Power (unlimited uses) when available. 

				There is also a rejuv chamber in here, but it is now defective and causes Dm =(2dl0 points) instead of curing damage.

					Rejuv Chamber Description:	
						The Rejuv Chamber is a special horizontal chamber that looks like a 20th century iron lung. They were in common use before the holocaust in urban hospitals to heal injuries, and used in MASH units in war to rehabilitate injured soldiers. Rejuv-chambers operate exclusively on Broadcast Power and must be fully understood before they can be operated in any way. The Rejuv-chamber, though designed to heal the injured, gets less proficient in its abilities, if the trauma is particularly harsh. The greater ther injury, the lower the chance that the Rejuv-chamber can heal the wounds. The table below  depicts the decrease in efficiency. If the die roll fails, the user regains only one-half of the lost hit points. If the character uses the Rejuv-chamber more than once in a four week period, they must make a CN check, failure means death from systemic shock.

						Hit Point Loss 		Percentage to Work
							01% - 50% 			100%
							51% - 75% 			 75%
							76% - 99% 			 50%

		Room B - Rejuv Chamber & Life Chamber & Stasis Chamber
			Description: 
				This room contains a life chamber, it is broken.  

				There is also a rejuv chamber in here. It is 100% effective. 
					
		Room C - Rejuv Chamber & Life Chamber & Stasis Chamber
			Description: 
				This room contains a life chamber that is 100% operational.  

				There is also a rejuv chamber here that is worthless. 

				There is also a stasis chamber in here that works properly and can be taken away from a plugged in power source for up to four weeks before its power supply runs down.  In the Stasis Chamber is a Ma'ali 

					1 x Maali - alone 'Tall Slasher' (1d2 (1)): Init +5; atk antler melee +5 (1d10+2) and claw melee +5 (1d3+2); AC 13; HD 10D7 hp 40; MV 45' ; 1d20+1d14; SV Fort +1, Ref +0, Will +2	The maali are bipedal descendants of the ancient Nonh American moose. They stand upright on two huge, wide claws chat ace as snow shoes. Their anders are unusually wide and extremely sharp. The maali keep them this way because they use them as melee weapons. Their front hooves have evolved into leathery, four digit , manipulative hands. Maali live in the forested areas of the Frozen Lands, but have been known to venture forth over the snowy wastes. They are rarely seen out of their natural habitats, except for mercantile ventures into the High Lands to the north for provisions. They are omnivorous, but prefer small mammals, bark, and leaves. Their teeth have developed into formidable crushing machines, and they can eat frozen plants as well as fresh ones. There are only a few Maali villages left in the Frozen Lands, but there are hundreds of smaller, nomadic tribes in the foothills of the High Lands. The Maali have an intense hatred for Harlan Quade's robots. Before Quade's reign of metallic terror began, the Maali were the lords and masters of these plains and wooded lands. They were well liked and respected by the ocher animals and peoples here. But over the centuries they have seen the various peoples killed and the land raped . The Maali have had co resort to severe weather control to strand Harlan's mad attempts at world conquering . They are all that prevents him from moving his Epsilon Cyborgs into the unsuspecting world. However, the Maali's size and fear of underground areas have prevented them from going in  and rooting Quade out of his stronghold. Maali are fascinated by non-robotic high technology and will always cry co acquire devices created by the Ancients. They are very skilled in the handling of such items. Most Maali have knowledge of up to Tech Level III, and some can even be found that know Tech Level IV items. They are wary of outsiders , especially human s, but are seeking aid in their fight against Quade. They have been promised aid by Scar, the mutant animal king of the mountains to the north. But Quade's forces have temporarily halted that aid by trying to assassinate the king (all of this latter plot is the core of the Revised GAMMA WORLD® game module, GWll) . The Maali usually are armed with at lease one Tech Level III weapon, a huge two-handed sword (12/24, otherwise created as a normal two-handed sword), and three javelins. They have escaped destruction by Quade's constructs because of their various mutations, their raw physical power, and their knowledge of the land.

					Stasis Chamber Description:
						The Stasis Chamber creates a stasis field that preserves a living body indefinitely as long as Broadcast Power or solar radiation for its Solar Cells is available. Stasis Chambers can only be used if fully understood by the user. The person contained within exists in a state of sleep-like suspended animation and is unaware of all events. If the power fails, the character in the chamber will die within 4 hours. The only way to save the person is to reactivate the device.


		
		Room D - Head of research
			Description: 
				This was the office of the head of research. It is still a plush office, with rich leather chairs, thick carpeting, and a huge picture of a grey-haired gentleman on the wall. Under the picture is a table on which sit burning candles and incense, rather like a shrine. The plaque on the picture reads "Osmond Coot - Founder of Mindkeep." This is the ancient forefather of Jeremiah and Ermon, the man who began Project Mindkeep. Jeremiah reveres him like a god. though Osmond was dead centuries before Jeremiah was born, and he keeps up th is office in the hope that Osmond will return some day.

				The office desk is locked, but easily jimmied. Inside are all sorts of interesting items: a wristwatch on which only the stopwatch function still operates, a pocket calculator that operates on sunlight or incandescent light, a heart rate/blood pressure/body temperature monitor, and a picture of Mindkeep when it was first built (the GM can make this up as he goes).

				If the desk is thoroughly searched a small button is found. When someone presses the button, the picture of Osmond clicks open and swings away. Behind it is a combination safe. The combination is the one found downstairs, "22-31-45." This is the only way to open this safe without destroying the contents. Inside is a Code V ID bracelet, Osmond's identity badge reading, "Coot, Osmond-000110," and a sealed envelope.  The envelope contains the location of the military base in the southern lands with a warning to Osmond to go there "should the invaders return."

	(l10) Level 8 Living Quarters
		Room A - Harlan Quade's Living Quarters
			Bunsen burner, no fuel line
			Radiation Suit (+30 vs radiation)
			Force Field Generator (40 damage absorption) (chemical power cell with 9 rounds remaining)
			Geiger counter (chemical power cell with 4 hours remaining)
			Laser Rifle, Far Infrared Spectrum (chemical power cell with 8 shots remaining)
			1 Tangler Smart Dart (Seeking)
			Black Ray Rifle (no power cell)
			1d6 flasks of oil
			Matchsticks and tinder
			Lute
			Fire extinguisher
			Tool set
			Flashlight (no power cell)
			Rad badge
			Geiger counter (chemical power cell with 4 hours remaining)
			I.D. card
			Motion detector (chemical power cell with 2 hours remaining)
			Antigrav pods (chemical power cell with 29 minutes remaining)
			Heayy Plastic Helmet
			Duralloy Shield

		Room B - Oscar North's Living Quarters - 
			Fishing rod
			An iron
			Musket with 1 ball
			Chameleon Rifle with 3 rounds 4 4.4 (2)
			Chameleon Rifle with 4 rounds 4 4.4 (2)
			Paralysis Rod (chemical power cell with 1 hit remaining)
			Matchsticks and tinder
			Rope, hemp, 60 feet (18.25 meters)
			Spyglass
			Flashlight (no power cell)
			Binoculars
			Heayy Plastic Helmet
			Duralloy Shield


		Room C - Robert Markus's Living Quarters - Chaplin 
			Heayy Plastic Helmet
			Duralloy Shield
			Stun Ray Pistol (no power cell)
			Mark V Blaster (chemical power cell with 6 shots remaining)
			Mark VII Blaster (no power cell)
			Laser Pistol, Ultraviolet (chemical power cell shots remaining)
			3 Rope, hemp, 60 feet (18.25 meters)
			Guitar
			Matchsticks and tinder
			Motion detector (chemical power cell with 1 hour remaining)
			I.D. card
			Envirolyzer (no power cell)
			6 Lift pack (chemical power cell with 3 hours remaining)
			Spark plug


		Room D - Donald MacTank's Living Quarters - Head of Security
			Dog Whistle
			Manual Can Opener
			Sports Trophy
			Radiation Suit (+10 vs. Radiation)
			Lute
			Horn
			Parachute
			Parachute
			Geiger counter (no power cell)
			Portent (no Power Cell)
			Lift Pack (Chemical power cell with 2 hours remaining)
			Heayy Plastic Helmet
			Duralloy Shield

	(l11) Level 9 Living Quarters
		Room A - Jeremiah Coot's Living Quarters

		Room B - Dr. Richard Hutner's Living Quarters

		Room C & D - Abigail Olson's Living Quarters - Nurse
			Description: Nurse Abigail's quarters are in pristine condition.  There are bookshelves with medical books on the shelves.   There is a bed and a desk.  There are holo pictures a young couple that dissolves into a 3D image of a of a young boy in the womb.  There are also pictures of a middle-aged woman and man that look like the Woman in the photo of the young couple.


	(l12) - Level 10 Jeremiah's Home
		Description: 
			All of the rooms on this level, including the bathroom, have had holes cut through the walls so they all interconnect.  If Jeremiah is still alive by the time the party reaches this level, he moves back and forth between rooms, popping out of doors to fire at the characters.  

		Creatures:
			1 x Jeremiah Coot (1): Init +7; atk hawkins .50 musket +5 (1d14+1); AC 16; HD 9D4 hp 23; MV 30'; 1d20+1d14; SV Fort +4, Ref +2, Will +0	Jeremiah is as nutty as a fruitcake.  He lives in Mindkeep's upper levels and sometimes goes outside through the roof hatch when the (P) Immortality granting healing 1 hitpoint per hour.  He wears a Kevlar Helmet +1 and Plastic Armor +3.  If he is given enough time and he believes there is a threat to his life he will retreat to the armory and put on the armor there: Power Assult Armor:  +12 AC; +8 Strength, Force Screen absorbs 75 hp of damage, Flight 150’, Life-Support (pg 177)

			2 x Jeremiah's Holcut 'Demophilus' and 'Leonidas': Init +4; atk bite melee +3 (1d6+1); AC 10; HD 5D7 hp 20 each; MV 20' ; 1d20; SV Fort +1, Ref +1, Will +0	The Holcut stand 4 feet tall at the shoulders and are mutant dogs with skin that looks like a rhino's.  They have two rows of teeth in their mouths that they use to tear meat.  They also have strange looking muzzles that house their elaborate olfactory system.  They are immune to any sort of gas attack.	They love wallowing in the mud.  They make excellent pets.  If they are encountered in the wild, they are extremely dangerous and are fearsome predators.  (P) Heightened Vision, Heightened Olfactory sense

		Loot:
			1 x Self sizing belt with engraved buckle
			1 x Nanite food heating system
			231 boxes of 4 tubes x Nanoparticles with Cleaning App (this is what Jeremiah has been using to keep the bathrooms cleaned)
			1 x non water using nano mop (This is what Jeremiah has been using to keep the bathrooms cleaned)
			1 x Hydrogen Cell
			19 boxes with 4 tubes of x Facial Lotion with Nanobot hair bots for shaving and cutting your hair.  Apply once a week
			1 x Tech Level 6 3D printer / lathe powered by quantium battery
			1 x Holo Broadcast Booth
			1 x Stasis Chamber with a Pregnant Human female inside. 

			3 x Sleeths Skeletons - Sleeths are highly intelligent mutated lizards who walk erect.  They have hands with opposable tumbs.  They tend to live in small, peaceful, scholarly communities.  
			2 x Carrins Skeletons - Three meter tall mutated vultures weighing over 50kg.  
			4 x Blood Bird Skeletons - A Mutated Scarlet Tanager with red feathers standing a meter tall.  

			5 x Accelera Dose: A 10 centimeter long disposable jet-spray tube of a compound developed to accelerate healing. Characters who spray the compound under their skin immediately heal 1d10 Hit Points of damage. There is a 40% chance that this compound will work on Humanoids and a 20% chance it will work on Mutated Animals. If it fails to work, the user is considered to have been exposed to 3d6 Intensity Level poison as a result of using the substance.
			1 x Anti-radiation Serum	Ancient Pharmaceuticals & Drugs	This drug is contained in a 10-centimeter long disposable jet spray tube.  It prevents radiation damage.  If sprayed under the skin with 3 turns of exposure, the character suffers no damage or mutation from the radiation.  	
			2 x A 10-centimeter long disposable jet spray tube of a substance that breaks down most chemicals not normally found in the human body. If taken within 30 seconds of exposure to a drug or Poison, the user experiences no effect from the drug or Poison. There is an 85% chance of this substance working on Humanoids and a 25% chance of it working on Mutated Animals. If it works on a Mutated Animal or Humanoid, special chemicals manufactured inside the user's body (as a result of some mutation letting him make poison attacks, for example) are also broken down and the user can't use his mutational ability for the next 4 hours.
			4 x A 10 centimeter long disposable jet-spray tube containing a special stimulant that doubles the user's Speed increases his DX by 1 and increases his PS by 3 for a period of 1 hour. The user must rest for 8 hours immediately after the dose wears off or he takes a permanent loss of 3 from his CN. His Hit Point Score isn't affected by this Constitution loss. If it doesn't work, the patient undergoes immediate exposure to Intensity Level 3d6 poison.
			2 x A 15 centimeter long disposable jet-spray tube, containing special pain reducing drugs. The user feels no pain for the next 4 hours and can sustain 1 additional Hit Point for each point of Constitution. When the drug wears off, the user loses the ability to sustain this extra damage. If, at that point, he has no Hit Points left, he is dead.
			12 x A 50-centimeter cracker-like wafer that gives all needed nourishment and short-circuits hunger signals to the brain for 24 hours. Use of this substance as the sole source of nourishment for more than a month results in the atrophying of normal digestive organs making it impossible for the user to derive sustenance from anything except this substance. There is a 95% chance that it will work for a Humanoid and an 80% chance that it will work for a Mutated Animal. If it doesn't work, the user is exposed to 3d4 Intensity Level poison.
			1 x Chameleon Rifle no ammo
			37 x crates of sealed rations (each crate contains food for 1 person for 1 year)

	(l11) - The Alpha Factor
			This entire space is one huge room. Most of it is taken up by an awesomely complex machine. There are several lights on the whirring mechanism. There is a doorway into the apparatus, but it can only be opened by the machine. There is a large window opening into the contrivance. Inside is a sterile white room with an unusual reclining chair. On the outside of the machine the characters recognize a microphone and speaker.

			This machine is the Alpha Factor Generator. It is covered with controls, but there is no possible way anyone could have an inkling of how to set them. It is an intelligent machine and cannot be audibly ordered to do anything for which it is not programmed. If a party member asks the machine what it is, it replies	"I am AF-1, the Alpha Factor Generator. Do you wish access?" If the character wishes more information, the machine just ignores him. If the character requests access, AF-1 replies "Security Access Code, please." The access door only opens if the character repeats the phrase "Open the Pod Bay Doors, Hal" (found on one of the slips of paper in Level 5, Room C's safe). AF-1 then says "Please prepare the subject." If asked how, AF-1 responds "Remove all articles of clothing and items from his person and seat him in the recliner." AF-1 answers no more questions at this time.

			Once a character sits down, the door closes, whether someone else is in the room or not (the Generator only affects the character in the chair). AF-1 then says "Scanning subject."

			• If the subject has already received a AF-1 bombardment, AF-1 says, "Alpha Factor Detected.  There are no safe bombardment protocols for this specimen known.  Continued exposure will result in death with bombardments past the primary bombardment.  Request operator identity for security clearance to override safety protocols." 

			• If the subject has a defect, AF-1 says, "Defect detected.  Do you wish to wipe?"  It then bombards the character with radiation and removes one defect.  The subject will then hear the 

			• If the subject is an intelligent plant , AF-1 says, "Botanical specimen detected."

			• If the subject is a mutated animal, AF-1 says, "Zoological specimen detected." 

			• If the subject is a humanoid , AF-1 says "Mutant Humanoid specimen detected."

			• If the subject is an un-mutated human, animal, or plant AF-1 says, "Subject's genetic sequence is baselined.  Request operator identity for security clearance to proceed." Only Osmond Coot's security badge is of sufficiently high authority to allow a human to be mutated. If his name and number are given, AF-1 says, "Clearance accepted." 

			• AF-1 then says: "Do you wish an experimental bombardment, a single mutation, to rebaseline the subject, or apply AF-1's Cities of Men Protocol?" 

				• If Experimental, than roll 1d10. 
					    1 =  One random defect is generated
					2 - 7 =  One single new mutation is added
					8 - 9 =  Two mutations are added
					   10 = three new mutations are added

				• If Single Mutation, than roll 1dlO. 
						 Odd = Mental Mutation (yes even for plants)
						Even = Physical Mutation

				• If Rebaseline, than a humanoid will become a PSH.  A Manimal or a Plantient will become the base species and is now an NPC.

				• If AF-1's Cities of Men Protocol, than the following mutation package is added to the character.  The character can no longer receive any more mutations. 

					Gravitational Senses: Gravitational senses allow someone to detect gravitational lines of force.  This sense is not very handy on the face of a large planet like earth, but was a common mutation available to orbital pilots as it allowed them the ability to detect the gravitational  lines of force in zero gravity, and thus they never will never be lost and will always know where they are.  Additionally it made complex environments like the asteroid belts easier to navigate. 
						• +3 to Intelligence and Agility / Reflex checks when in zero or near zero G.

					Radiation Hardening: The skin of the mutant is covered in a layer of skin that is impregnated with a substance that grants them a higher degree of immunity to solar radiation
						• +3 to Stamina / Fortitude checks against radiation based damage. 

					Vacuum Hardening: The eyes, ears, mouth, and nose of the mutant have all been modified to contain a secondary opening that will grant the mutant the ability to survive in the vacuum of space for several minutes.
						• -3 to Personality based checks with NPCs that knew the mutant before bombardment.
					
					Modified Body Parts:  The legs and hands have been shortened while the fingers have been elongated.  The foot has been modified making giving the creature the ability to use their toes as fingers. A prehensile tail has been added if none is present.  If a tail is already present, it is modified to be prehensile. Hair has been modified to include blood vessels and sweat glands, allowing for a greater ability to control body temperature. 

						• The clothing and armor the mutant possesses must be replaced with custom made clothing. 
						• The mutant possesses a long prehensile tail that acts has an extra arm; mutant gains an additional d14 action die for simple non-combat only; +1 Agility.
						• +3 to Stamina / Fortitude checks against heat or cold


					 Ultravision: The mutant’s vision range extends into both the upper and lower EM frequencies.  Roll per normal MCC rules.



			AF-1 then says: "Bombardment begins on my mark.  3... 2... 1... MARK!"

			No specimen can undergo bombardment more than once; it will die from the effects. 

			AF-1 thinks all of its systems are fine, but it actually can only perform 10 more bombardments after the party is done with it. Then it burns out its self-contained nuclear generator, short circuits itself, and goes dead, never to be revived.


	(l12) -
		Room A - The Armory
			There is a small plate beside the door in this room, with a depression in the middle. A character must press one of the two strange rings included on Mindkeep Isle into the depression. It then scans the ring for an intricate inner crystal pattern. Only then the door slides open. The door requires 1000 points of damage to open otherwise, and is invulnerable to fire, heat, and lasers. This room is the weapons locker and is chock full of stuff. The actual contents are left for the GM to decide, based on not only the level of technology in his campaign, but also how much the party members used or lost in this adventure.
		Room B - The Memory Core
			Jeremiah left a security robot in this room with orders to attack the first person who opens the door. The robot pursues the offenders out onto the balcony and into other rooms. The room is another office, but was emptied quite a while ago of everything but its main computer unit. This is the final resting place ofMindkeep's memory core, the golden fleece of the player characters' quest. There is no possible way to move the entire unit, but it can be accessed by jury-rigging one of the computer terminals to it. 

			HULL or BODY: Ceramic/plasteel alloy.
				* City of Temecula Home of the Land of Disney has a space museum
				* Edwards Space Port has a visitor center with a hull

			ENVIRONMENTAL EQUIPMENT: Food, water, basic needs, including special garments, apparatus, and life support systems.
				- Food
					* Mindkeep
					* Ermon's Mushrooms
				- Sterilaized Water
				- Garments
					* Hinsdale Air Force Base (Gamma Base)
					* Rocketdyne Manufacture
			ENGINE: Something called the XL-1 engine with TCN fuel.
				- XL-1 (Extra-light Type 1 Engine)
				- TCN - Tetra Octaazacubane Fuel
					* Edwards Space Port
					* TCN Fuel can be found in the Delta Fragment
			NAVIGATIONAL AND PILOTING EXPERTS: Listed as humans currently in cryogenic stasis.
				* Edwards Space Port
				* Harlan Quade was stationed at Edwards Space Port
				* Harlan Quade left with RocketDyne Plans to manufacture Piloting Cyborgs
			DRY DOCK AND LAUNCH AREA: The name and location of the area is so highly classified that no one can access it anymore, even with all the passwords, codenames, and ID numbers given in this adventure.
				* Hinsdale Air Force Base (Gamma Base)
			SPECIALIZED ROBOTS: Custom
				* Epsilon Cyborgs manufactured by RocketDyne
			DOCKING COORDINATES
				* Oscar North
				* Computer System at Mindkeep


		Room C - The Brig holding room for transfer
			This room is where the security robot places any characters it captures, after it scrips them of weapons. The room was once an executive dining room/kitchen, but is now full of old skeletons. Nothing of value is in here.


		Room D - The Armory
			There is a peculiar lock set into the door of this room. It is a circle of eight buttons (each at a compass point, though the GM should not mention it that way; he should draw it out for the party members). To unlock the door, a character must touch the buttons in the order listed on the slip of paper found in the desk safe on Level 5, Room C, "NW, S, N, S, S, SE.". The door will not open any other way and can sustain 1000 points of damage before it is broken through. Inside this room is a prototype of the original powered attack armor, lent to Mindkeep by its designers for disabling dangerous mutants. It is in perfect condition and has four atomic energy cells stacked next to it.  Guarding the room are two special high security robots. 

			They are currently programmed to defend the armor room from entrance by any creature but Jeremiah, and to respond to Jeremiah's voice commands to defend the top level against attack from the roof.

			2 x Mindkeep Security Robot 'Security Bot Mk II' (1d3 (2)): Init +4; atk 2 x tentacle melee +9 (1d7+6) and 2 x arms melee +9 (1d8+6); AC 18; HD 5D12 hp 33 each; MV 30' or GravPods 200' ; 1d20; SV Fort +3, Ref +1, Will -1	

			This is an upright-walking 2-meter-tall unit that is humanoid in shape.  It has two arms and two 2 meter long tentacles, each equipped for handling instruments and can light 200 kilograms each.  In addition to the tentacles each robot is equipped with a pair of tractor / pressor beams that can lift 200 kilograms at a range of 30 Meters.  Weapons include:

			2 x paralysis rods with a 10' extension DC 18 to avoid
			1 x energy mace, 1d6+2d10 damage
			1 x Vibro-blade, 2d12 damage +4 to attack.  
			1 x Mark V Blaster.  2d8 80/160/240
			1 x Grenade launcher with 60-meter range and 
				2 x tear gas grenades DC 12 to save vs. Creatures for 1d10 rounds  50'
				2 x stun grenades DC 18 to save vs. Creatures or 1d10 rounds 20'
				6 x Chemex 3d6 for 30 foot radius 20'
				6 x poison gas DC 15 to save or take 1d6 damage each turn in gas for radius of 50'
				6 x EMP Stun Technology DC 20 vs Fortitude to save for 1d10 rounds 50'
			
			These units are programmed to subdue on the first turn only; if they are unable to do that then they are programmed to destroy any lifeform that can not be subdued.  They are programmed to deny access to certain restricted areas.  They have command circuits that allow them to summon medical robots and engineering robots as necessary.	None


			The rest of the room is equipped with tools designed for armor repair and · maintainance, and has a suit-up area for the operator.

	(roof) - The Roof
		The roof of Mindkeep is made of the same materials as the rest of the building. Once the player characters ascend to this level the GM can show them the roof map. In the midd le of the roof are two more smaller cylinders that house the elevator works. Note that all of the features are numbered; these are described below.

		In the nest is a yexil with minimum statistics. It drops down and attacks whoever lands on the roof, climbs up the side to the roof, or exits onto the roof from the hatchway. It is a vicious creature and does not negotiate at all. Unbeknownst to the party this is a very young yexil awaiting its mother's return. Five turns after anyone steps onto the roof, the mother comes back. She is the mate of the yexil who died in the moat and whose skeleton now lies on the island's shore. She is enraged all the time and is the scourge of the plateau. She can attack as she swoops. Anyone trying to hit her with anything has a -4 CS penalty due to her speed and manueverability.

		Baby Yexil: Init +6; atk bite melee +9 (1d14+6); AC 14; HD 11D7 hp 11 each; MV 25' or Fly 45' ; 1d20; SV Fort +0, Ref +0, Will -1 (P) Immune to Cold, Laser Eyes(Heat 3d6 Range = LoS)

		Mommy Yexil: Init +6; atk bite melee +9 (1d14+6); AC 14; HD 11D7 hp 44 each; MV 30' or Fly 60' ; 1d20+1d16; SV Fort +1, Ref +0, Will -1	(P) Immune to Cold, Laser Eyes (Heat d6d Range = LOS)

		The yexil, or orange scarfer, is an intelligent non-humanoid mutant animal. It is descended from the lion, but only vaguely resembles it's ancestor. Their front limbs have evolved into functional wings with hands growing from them. They have large mandibles growing from their mouths. Yexils can emit laser blasts from their eyes and are immune to cold. 

		This exotic animal looks like a cross between a bat and a lion. It has a 9-meter wingspan, with a human hand at the point of each blade. Its head looks like a male lion, with the addition of two pinching mandibles. It stands on two lion-like paws. The yexil is covered with a thick pelt of orange fur, with an extremely bushy mane of golden brown. Females have a marsupial pouch in which they carry their young until the infants reach the age at which they are able to learn to fly. 

		Yexils can project a laser beam from their eyes and can also pinch with their mandibles, but rarely get close enough for this melee attack. Yexil fur has a special genetic insulating fiber content that repels intense cold, making them immune to such attacks. In general, unless their young are threatened or they have been cornered or captured, yexils will not stay and fight, preferring to flee to safety. Yexils are extremely miserable when kept in captivity, even as a whole family, and soon die from this. 

		Yexils are friendly creatures, but slightly slow-witted. They travel in small prides, sometimes as an extended family, and they mate for life. They are very receptive to intelligent interaction with other species. The most striking oddity about yexils are their love of various types of hide and cloth, particularly synthetic fibers, as food. They are known to trade virtually anything, including artifacts (for which they have little use), in exchange for material for tasty sustenance. The more gaudy and outrageous a piece of fabric or garment looks, the more appealing it is to a yexil. If killed, their pelts will not maintain their unusual ability to resist cold, so yexils are generally left in peace.

		Location  1 - The Autobeacon
			This three-meter-tall unit was an autobeacon which was used to guide aircars into Mindkeep. It is completely non-operational now, but there are lots of salvagable parts inside.

		Location  2 - The Broadcast Power
			This six meter globe was the broadcast power station's antenna. It is covered with slightly curved, silvered, 10-centimeter squares. It is this faceted, mirrored ball which often catches the sun's rays and reflects them, drawing attention to Mindkeep. A character with a Physical Strength of 10 or better and an instrument at least as strong as steel can pry these squares off. It takes five minutes to remove one square.

		Location  3 - Environmental Control Systems
			This two-meter-tall concrete structure houses the heating and air-conditioning vent. Anyone trying to crawl down it first encounters a 6d6 electrical field designed to discourage intruders. This field is about three meters down the shaft. Ater that is a series of baffles through which even a lil would have problems squeezing.


		Location  4 - The Communications Array
			This small forest of antennae are from one to two meters in height. They are extremely light weight, yet durable. They are the Think Tank's receivers and are now totally worthless.

		Location  5 - The Hatch
			This is the hatchway to Level 12. It cannot be opened without a Code V ID bracelet and requires 1000 points of damage to break. It also has an internal alpha matter bomb set to explode if the hatch is breached in any other manner except with a bracelet, but the bomb is directed so its blast is outwards. Anyone on the steps inside the installation at the time of the blast only takes ld6 points of damage.

		Location  6 - Motion Detector
			This device is similar to the cone detectors on the island below. It served to detect any movement above the installation up to a kilometer away. It is now wonhless.

		Location  7 - Landing Pad
			The painted markings can barely be seen now, but this was the landing pad for executive aircars arriving at Mindkeep .

		Location  8 - Grappling Hook
			Any character searching this edge finds an old grapple rusted onto the roof. A rotten piece of rope is still tied to it . It was left here decades ago by a would-be explorer who fell to his death.

		Location  9 - The Entrance to the Elevator Repair Bay
			This two-meter doorway opens into structure # 10. It requires a Code III ID bracelet to enter. The door can sustain 400 points of damage before caving in.

		Location 10 - The Elevator Repair Bay
			This three-meter-high, 18-meter-diameter structure is the repair bay for the elevator cars. All of them are now in this bay. They all ascended here when the nuclear generator failed and the back-up system came on . That was long ago and the back-up system is now drained. Each car has an up and down button that must be held in for the car to move. In car number 3 is the remains of a survivor of Mindkeep. A badge reading, "Pushkin, Flip-975368" is pinned to its rotted uniform. There is also a laser pistol, but it is worthless as he destroyed it trying to batter his way out after trying to cut free with the laser.

		Location 11 - The Bone Yard
			This number represents the ring of bones surrounding the upper structure. This is where the yexil female throws the remains of her meals. Every once in a while she flaps her wings and blows the debris away, down to the ground or moat . There are all kinds of bones here, but none of them have any kind of synthetic material on them. If the PCs search the entire mass of debris (which takes four hours), they find two Kevlar helmets that are a little gnawed but otherwise fine, three chemical energy cells, and an operational flashlight with a sealed battery that never needs recharging.

		Location 12 - The Weather Station
			This large metal cylinder houses the weather detecting package used by the installation in its heyday. There is no way to remove it other than cutting it out, and that requires a laser torch. The package is still usable by anyone with a Tech Level IV knowledge of machines. It can detect weather patterns up to 12 hours away.

		Location 13 - The Elevator Shaft 
			This is the upper structure of the elevacor works, holding all the pulleys and such for the cables. It is a four-me ter-high, nine-meterdiameter cylinder with no apparent opening (a hatch is on top of the structure). Once inside the cylinder, party members find a long dead Mindkeep member and a hole that was cut from the elevator shafts into the elevator works ( the hole is not visible from the elevator cars). This character was also stuck here when the power failed and tried co get the cars moving again. By the condition of his skeleton, it appears as though his laser torch slipped and cut into his leg. He lay here and bled to death. Most of his tools and his badge slipped from the ledge on which he lies, into the 12-level shaft. Only the laser torch remains, but it needs a new hydrogen cell.

		Location 14 - The Next of the Yelix
			This is the yexil's nest. Taking it apart requires at least three hours. It is a foul task, as the yexil is not a clean beast. If searching the entire nest, the party finds a flask of herbicide and a tube of gray neutralizing pigment that once belonged to victims who became yexil lunch.

		Location 15 - The Underground Observation Post - Now Destroyed
			This is a camera and microphone setup that was wired to the underground observation post.  It has now been broken by the Yexil

		Location 16 - The Elevator Hatch
			This is the access hatch into the top elevator works structure. The hatch requires a Code III ID bracelet to enter. It can withstand 500 points of damage before caving in. A crawldown ladder leads to a small circular ramp inside (see #13).

